
IEN Partners with SPIN
Stay Plugged In, a leading gaming organization focused on providing educational and career opportunities and Indiana Esports Network, Indiana’s only scholastic esports nonprofit led by Indiana educators, are collaborating on a multi-year partnership designed to enhance student engagement and advance student outcomes across the state.
 
This partnership aims to incorporate the expertise of Indiana Esports Network (IEN) with the Stay+ academic services and curriculum. Through this educational initiative, students gain access to academic roadmapping, STEM and esports competitions, increased visibility to colleges and universities, and connectivity to an emerging talent pipeline for local corporate partners. The program, led by Stay Plugged In, includes mentorship, career guidance, skill development, as well as collegiate and career opportunities.
 
“We are excited to partner with IEN and the schools in their network. As students continue to grow and engage in the gaming community, we are committed to being an end-to-end solution—supporting them in discovering collegiate and career opportunities. Our goal is to be a trusted resource that teachers, coaches, and students can rely on to find real, actionable solutions that lead to positive outcomes. We're proud to walk this path together with IEN, and fully committed to supporting the journey ahead." said Rick Suarez, managing director of Stay Plugged In. 
 
Stay Plugged In will provide students in the Indiana Esports Network with free access to the leading recruitment platform, which has connected students to over $40 million dollars in scholarships since 2021. Included in this relationship will be access for coaches and schools to take advantage of our high school portal, merchandise, and free consultations around creating an impactful program with in-house infrastructure.
​
IEN’s mission is “To prepare students for the future through collaboration, communication, creativity, and critical thinking through video games and esports.” and this partnership allows us to provide even more opportunities for Indiana students and schools. said Joe Wilhelm, Executive Director of IEN.​